\documentclass{article}
\usepackage[utf8]{inputenc}

\title{February 14, 2022: Meeting Minutes}
\author{Lab: L03, Group: 10\\ Aamina Hussain, hussaa54\\ Jessica Dawson, dawosr1\\ Fady Morcos, morcof2}
\date{}

\begin{document}

\maketitle

\section{Participants}

\begin{itemize}
    \item Aamina Hussain (Meeting Chair)
    \item Jessica Dawson
    \item Fady Morcos
\end{itemize}


\section{Agenda}

\begin{description}
    \item [Topic 1:] What did we accomplish or finalize since the previous meeting?
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Led by: Aamina Hussain
    \end{itemize}
    \item [Topic 2:] Is there anything we need to change or add to our previous task before moving on to the next task?
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Led by: All Team Members
    \end{itemize}
    \item [Topic 3:] What are the next few tasks that we need to accomplish, and what are the priorities of those tasks?
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Led by: Jessica Dawson
    \end{itemize}
    \item [Topic 4:] What does each team member need to get done before the next deadline and the next meeting?
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Led by: Fady Morcos
    \end{itemize}
    \item [Topic 5:] What is the date and time of the next meeting?
    \begin{itemize}
        \item Led by: All Team Members
    \end{itemize}
\end{description}


\section{Minutes}

\begin{description}
    \item[9:30 AM:] Meeting started.
    \item[9:30 AM - 9:35 AM:] (Topic 1) Discussed the SRS document, which was the previous task we completed on February 11, 2022.
    \item[9:35 AM - 9:40 AM:] (Topic 2) Discussed whether we need to make any changes to the SRS, and decided that we did not.
    \item[9:40 AM - 10:00 AM:] (Topic 3) Listed all the tasks that we need to complete. These tasks included the Doxygen group lab exercise, and the Proof of Concept Demonstration, which is the next deliverable. We decided to prioritize and begin working on the group lab exercise.
    \item[10:00 AM - 10:30 AM:] Worked on and demoed the Doxygen group lab exercise.
    \item[10:30 AM - 10:50 AM:] (Topic 4) Discussed what each team member needs to get done before the next deliverable deadline (February 28, 2022). Jessica suggested that for the POC demonstraction, we should aim to modularize the code. Aamina suggested we add at least one feature, specifically an additional art layer. Fady suggested we also make one modification so that the user can change the size of the UI text. Before the next meeting, we decided to learn how to use Pygame so that we can understand and modify the original code.
    \item[10:50 AM - 11:00 AM:] (Topic 5) Decided that the next meeting will be on February 25, 2022, at 11:00 AM. This gives everyone enough time to look over the code, learn the syntax and methods of Pygame, and brainstorm ways to modify the code so that it can be ready for the POC Demonstration.
    \item[11:00 AM:] Meeting ended.
\end{description}

\end{document}
